Docs: update license restrictions doc (#31508)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/enterprise/license-restrictions.md

Restrictions are applied separately for viewers and editors.

> When the number of maximum active viewers or editors is reached, only them can log in. New users or non-active users can't log in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the number of maximum active viewers or editors is reached, only they can sign in. New users or non-active users cannot sign in.
```

### Concurrent sessions limit

> Sometimes it is useful to sign in to an account from multiple locations simultaneously. As of Grafana Enterprise 7.5.0, accounts are limited to the number of concurrent sessions authorized in your license, which is typically three. A new session is created when you sign in to Grafana from a new device, a different browser, or an incognito window. If you sign in to Grafana from another tab or window within the same browser, then only one session is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes it is useful to sign in to an account from multiple locations simultaneously. As of Grafana Enterprise 7.5+, accounts are limited to the number of concurrent sessions authorized in your license, which is typically three. A new session is created when you sign in to Grafana from a new device, a different browser, or an incognito window. If a user signs in to Grafana from another tab or window within the same browser, then only one licensed session is used.
```

Author: It seems weird to use both `you` and `a user` in two very similar sentences. Also, I'm not sure about "licensed session", what about "user session"?

> Sometimes it is useful to log in to an account from multiple locations at the same time. With Grafana Enterprise 7.5+, accounts are limited to the number of concurrent sessions authorized in your license (default to three). A new session is created when a user logs in to Grafana from a new device, a different browser, or an incognito window, but not when a user logs in to Grafana from another tab or window within the same browser. Grafana can be open in many browser tabs while still using only one session.

Reviewer 2: Regarding 

> accounts are limited to the number of concurrent sessions authorized in your license (default to three)

I don't want to make it obvious to customers that we can customize their concurrent session limit since I think many customers will pressure us to raise/remove their limit, and we don't want to do that. I want to just say something like "accounts are limited to three concurrent sessions" and leave it at that. However, some (very few) customers will have different limits and could be confused if we do that.

@osg-grafana can you think of a creative way to handle this?

Author: @osg-grafana WDYT about Mitch's suggestion? Should I replace `accounts are limited to the number of concurrent sessions authorized in your license (default to three)` with `accounts are limited to three concurrent sessions`?

Reviewer: Sometimes it is useful to sign in to an account from multiple locations simultaneously. As of Grafana Enterprise 7.5+, accounts are limited to the number of concurrent sessions authorized in your license, which is typically three. A new session is created when you sign in to Grafana from a new device, a different browser, or an incognito window. If a signs in to Grafana from another tab or window within the same browser, then only one licensed session is used.

Reviewer: (I think that my feedback got hidden somehow.) Here it is ^^ in a comment instead.

> Sometimes it is useful to log in to an account from multiple locations at the same time. With Grafana Enterprise 7.5+, accounts are limited to the number of concurrent sessions authorized in your license (default to three). A new session is created when a user logs in to Grafana from a new device, a different browser, or an incognito window, but not when a user logs in to Grafana from another tab or window within the same browser. Grafana can be open in many browser tabs while still using only one session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes it is useful to sign in to an account from multiple locations simultaneously. As of Grafana Enterprise 7.5.0, accounts are limited to the number of concurrent sessions authorized in your license, which is typically three. A new session is created when a user signs in to Grafana from a new device, a different browser, or an incognito window. If a user signs in to Grafana from another tab or window within the same browser, then only one licensed session is used.
```

Reviewer: Do we want to say "you" instead of "a user" here or are we writing to an administrator in this context? My gut says, "If you sign in to ..." instead of "If a user signs in to ..."

Author: I applied your feedback, I just replaced the `licensed session` at the end with `session`. For the "you" vs "a user", I agree "you" sounds a bit better but I think it will be mostly administrators that will read this doc page, so I don't know. @mjseaman any opinion on this?

Reviewer 2: I'm happy with "you" if that's our style. This does apply to _all_ users - as long as that comes through in the docs, we're good 👍

> With a three-session limit, when a fourth person tries to log in to the same account, the session that has been inactive longest is logged out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given a limit of three sessions, when a fourth person tries to sign in to the same account, the longest inactive session is signed out of.
```
